Another soon August off at the fact that Vienna'm Noh time in Hi everyone the Business-chan
is not it
There was a video I want to save one more before August
It it is is September 1, referred to as the Japanese students would be most suicide about this news
One Echotto want to say Solving was You're in youtube until I am still now do
Before is not without feeling you have with people of the same age
And when I'm twenty-five and twenty-five, of course I'm going to make shochu synthesis and more and more
What kind of life I think of that life
Look better of it real teens now-Channel I's are beginning to channel Tara I But
You are not asking me
In the environment that I entered immediately , I met and met me always
September 1st , if I'm registered for confusion
I thought that I did not want to go to school and I thought fresh
I Towards the grandmother
You now dignified and say I think I wish the year and
Is what always a great funny environment of Tteyuu school
I notice more when I get out of school, but that's all when I'm in school
I do not know
The correct answer of the school is good from all over the shop, so if it doesn't work there from now on
I wonder if it doesn't go well
You're going to be such a head
In Japan now society is no fun when it comes to student age and most adults
There is a little bit like that
It is an image that adults listen to
Such me in just work and become an adult I Na reason childhood Te summer vacation of life
It is an image
I think that everyone is also in that video, so it 's a kid's age if it becomes so
It's did not enjoy but it was
Well then, it's not fun even if you grow up, you're not going to live
But adults also fun Thus through the things I of my detective
I stole early
Everybody 's a provocation I met those who saw
Freedom if you pack up even after childhood
With my favorite person
I can do my favorite work, make my favorite hair color, and see him as my favorite free life
Hmm
It I should I tell it I even little things like that when the school something not everything
The bullying is a self , but it is a self if you enter it biologically
7 absolutely to put the bad in the same I kind of organism it is why he attacked absolutely
It's a human being without exception . This is a big deal for myself
It's a fiery instinctual accident that you want to
You will win
At the time of the fire I hope that I will be able to produce or not produce myself.
I mean I think that's a good news even without entering do is I schools are in at all
North
It means not to go school are also a child is a serious decision than actually die
If you get better than the option of not going to school , it is easier for some children to choose death if they are not
It is absolutely my example do that even their own school without the time of a child and be what people in the commercial
How it was turned off when the say that there was no
A room where only one of my students went to school
Oh yes, I'm jumping into a world I don't know
Escape if there is, it is to say if so I'm a terrible kind of thing that terrible snow
Are people, please run away anymore our best
Please just run away
Shi But
I 'm a single-string friend
Please see little by little what you like
Even if it is a school 8 hours, it may be hard for me to have one good child, but I 'm back now.
Say I video's possibly the ne user tuber different might the YouTube
And it 's a first shot 5 minutes
When it is combined moody thing
And the person in it is another alone youtube video the other one it I say that the
Looked
It 's a Republican Party with a 10-minute shadow
So once
If you like yourself
Please be full of things you forget about what you do n't like
I do not mind
Also, for example, you go home guitar is like Bekuri 7 your water Sha Talat in Yo crying blue star
unknown
I can not forget to see the bunker I can not but see the voice of the animation I see
That 's how I like my own little things little by little and I like myself too
Please put more and more plum to result hey hey ink rapidly in
I find it difficult to do difficult things
Might in some cases Rutte immediately sweat Looks thinking about tomorrow
But do not decide on their own will Considering my head's different If it were not for yourself what
Whether it escaped no child focus on what you like in me but
Please make it bigger and bigger and it was delicious.
September 1
If me back the night of September 1, will also put the videos from this all means Hanasho in the video
It's a cat back yes